Add support for bundling using Rollup (#59)
developit/karmatic: README.md

# Karmatic [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/karmatic.svg)](https://npm.im/karmatic) [![travis](https://travis-ci.org/developit/karmatic.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/developit/karmatic)

> A simplified zero-configuration wrapper around [Karma], [Rollup] or [Webpack], [Jasmine] & [Puppeteer].

Author: Any preferences on how to talk about Rollup here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero-config browser tests powered by [Karma] & [Puppeteer], with automatic [Rollup]/[Webpack] support.
```
